these islands just ten miles away across
these straights belong to Russia and
it's that which explains these
incredible weather conditions here in
Siberia really isn't that far away just
why it's so cold and the temperature
must be down - 15 - 20 we're actually
about the same latitude there's the
South of France there are people right
now sitting on the beach in their
bikinis well no sittin here pretty much
hypothermic
after two gut-wrenching hours we found
the pack ice but to get close to the
birds I'm seeking a little stealth is
required it's an awkward old job this
just pushing the way in between the ice
even though these big chunks still Bob
about and move quite freely they get in
the way of the boughs they give you a
little tip to the side just enough to
keep you awake keep you honest oh wow
look at that just in front of me here on
the ice there's a a red fox
it's obviously out scavenging for fish
guts or something
foxes are definitely one of my favorite
creatures although they're extremely
common I love their intelligence their
resourcefulness their ability to get by
in almost any situation he's beautiful
Oh looks like he's having a little
concert on with a raven they're two of
nature's great survivors the crow family
of which the Raven is the largest and
the Fox wonderful wonderful creatures
there is our first Stella seagull look
at that what an incredible bird
paper got that very striking black and
white plumage but the thing that really
sets them apart is that incredible
bright orange beat they look like a
caricature of an eagle bit of almost
like how a child would draw an eagle or
how a cartoonist switch or an eagle with
that amazing bright bright orange beat
there's such a powerful bird the the
wingspan is about two and a half meters
that's eight feet so if I was to stand
up and extend my arm above my head as
far as it would go that would still be a
good deal shorter than the wingspan of
the stellar sea eagle Owen and that one
there is the white tailed seagull that's
another one that shares these waters
very closely related to the stellar sea
eagle not quite so big but still an
amazingly impressive bird and there's a
couple they're just sitting on the ice
floe I reckon there must be around here
um somewhere perhaps where fishermen
clean their catch will drop off fish
that ain't the aren't commercially
viable because there's a lot of eagles
here gathered for something
what an amazing day see Eagles even a
red fox and all amongst this incredible
sea ice doesn't get much better than
this
this desolate monochrome landscape has
provided a stark backdrop to the
wildlife treasures of the north